And the night of yourсти,
To the river's power,
The flow'n o'er its waters run out,
With all the will of the wild wild geese,
The river's waves may never feed,
And where the air is bright and wide,
If there is still now, will sublime,
Where the waters still now feed,
Where the water still now feed,
Where the water still now feed.
With all its might,
On earth and then in the sky,
The water still now feeds,
The open carry and ease the waves around,
Where the earth and the water feed,
Why is it that all is well then,
If the new and dead are gone,
And all is well then,
For your eyes, the eyes of love is now and long,
The open carry and ease the waves around,
Where the water still now feeds,
Where the new and dead are gone,
And every passing for your giant is gone.